docs: update references to SDK/Crawlee + more (#430)
apify/apify-docs: content/docs/tutorials/integrations/run_actor_and_retrieve_data_via_api.md

https://api.apify.com/v2/actor-tasks/TASK_NAME_OR_ID/runs?token=YOUR_TOKEN
```

If we send a correct POST request to one of these endpoints, the actor/actor-task will start just as if we had pressed the **Start** button on the actor's page in the [Apify Console](https://console.apify.com).

### [](#additional-settings) Additional settings

> We can also add settings for the actor (which will override the default settings) as additional query parameters. For example, if we would want to change how much memory the actor's run should be allocated and which build to run, we could simply add the `memory` and `build` parameters separated by `&`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can also add settings for the actor (which will override the default settings) as additional query parameters. For example, if we wanted to change how much memory the actor's run should be allocated and which build to run, we could simply add the `memory` and `build` parameters separated by `&`.
```
